Misfortune is like a snake.
They slither over silently.
and viciously bite the ankles
of those standing defenseless and still.
I heard your dad killed someone.
Wow. So do you know how to kill people?
You are a murderer.
Chaeha. the son of a murderer.
The casino boss murder case.
Don't come near me.
It might be transmittable.
-You are a murderer.
-Oh. he's the son of the murderer. Lee Gilyoung. right?
Be careful. They say murder is hereditary.
No wonder. I knew
there was something about his eyes.
You are a murderer. You are a murderer.
I tried my best to hold my head high
and grit my teeth
[Lee Chaeha]
just so I wouldn't be swallowed
by misfortune.
[Lee Chaeha.
Supreme Prosecutors' Office]
Lee Chaeha...
you are...
a...
murderer's
son. right?
The killer of Kang Woosung.
Lee...
Gil...
young's
son.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
I'm not like him.
Don't lump us together just because.
Then I can assume
you're willing to work with me. right?
Ah.
If you don't like this sequence.
I'll make a formal proposal.
Director Lee Chaeha.
would you work with me?
[Park Siwoo]
[Kim Yunsik]
[Kwak Seunghwan]
[Because of inheritance?]
[Koryoin Mr. Kim overdosed on drugs]
[Found in a small room
on the second floor]
[The Last Abandoned Mine in Danhyeon City
To Be Turned Into a Casino]
[Led by Ohsong Construction. 'Danhyeon Land' Integrated Resort (Casino. Hotel. Theme Park) to be built—
Officially secures $400M in foreign investment]
[Casino Industry's First Female Executive…
Pledges "Transparent Operations. Regional Co-Prosperity"]
[Danhyeon City "Casino Boss Murdered"...
Suspect Identified as Driver. Mr. Lee]
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
[Prosecutor Joo Taeseon] [Investigator Song Haneul]
[Investigator Lee Chaeha] [Room 512]
Nice to meet you. I'm Song Haneul.
Hello. I'm Lee Chaeha.
Oh. let me help you.
By the way. Mr. Lee.
it hasn't been long since you came
to Danhyeon District Office. have you?
I know almost everyone here.
but you look a bit unfamiliar.
You don't have to be too afraid
of Prosecutor Ju.
As rumored. he's very efficient.
But unlike the rumors.
he's very tolerant of his staff.
Well. even if your preparation
is a bit lacking.
he won't say much.
However. I think boundaries
are very important.
Don't ask personal questions
and don't be too curious.
Also. when reviewing cases.
organize the case files well.
Just find details of relevant laws
and similar precedents that
can be applied in court for him.
Laws and precedents...
Yeah.
Also. he doesn't like typos
and hates omitted subjects.
He wants transcripts to be
as detailed and clear as possible.
No misunderstandings and no confusion
will be tolerated.
Thank you.
Mr. Lee.
Do you live in the provided apartment?
Yes.
I live on the 5th floor.
We live in the same building;
how come we've never met?
Maybe we just kept missing each other.
If you want to thank me.
let's have a meal next time.
Sure.
Give it to me. I'll do it.
No. I'll do it.
Oh. I'll do it. Give it to me.
It's fine. really.
Come on. I'll do it. Give it to me.
You're here.
Supervisor Lee Chaeha. please come in.
Ah. got it.
This is the autopsy report
of the Koryoin. Mr. Kim.
What's the conclusion?
The autopsy revealed meth
at 1.000 times the lethal dose
and a small amount of nicotine.
There is no suspicion of homicide.
It seems he died
during the meth injection.
A junkie died from overdose.
Is there anything suspicious?
A needle mark was found on his neck.
There were also plastic fragments found
not just in his mouth but also in his stomach.
There were also scratches
on his esophagus.
The causes of these can't be determined.
[Opinion of non-prosecution (non-referral)
regarding suspect Alexander Kim]
The police recommended
non-prosecution of the case.
There were no witnesses at the scene.
and no CCTV footage.
We also couldn't trace his whereabouts
after he entered the country.
That's what's strange.
How could this Koryoin.
who has been in the country for just a day.
know the route
and avoid all the CCTVs in Danhyeon?
Especially since this was near
a casino with many CCTVs.
Unless someone in Danhyeon
told him the route beforehand.
As I mentioned.
it seems Koryoin Mr. Kim was selling meth.
Where's the evidence?
It's body packing.
You can look at the last attachment.
It's a drug smuggling method
commonly used overseas since the 80s.
There have been similar drug trafficking cases
in the country before too.
If Mr. Kim is a drug dealer.
the meth at 1.000 times the lethal dose.
the scratches on his esophagus.
and the plastic fragments
found in his mouth and stomach
can all be explained.
His route was probably provided
by the buyer as well.
In other words.
this Koryoin. Mr. Kim.
was a drug smuggler.
He swallowed plastic bags containing meth
and entered the country.
After arriving in Danhyeon.
he damaged his esophagus
while trying to vomit the meth.
And he died because he missed one bag—
it was a mistake.
According to your speculation.
it's not homicide.
But it seems someone dumped the body.
If he died alone from an overdose.
he should have had his phone with him.
[List of Seized Items: Blood (Meth). Blood (Nicotine). Gloves. Foreign Object
(Plastic fragment A). Foreign Object (Plastic fragment B). Passport. Cigarette Butt. Lighter]
But no phone was found at the scene.
Whether there was a murder or not
is hard to say.
but someone definitely dumped the body.
And this person took Mr. Kim's phone.
Yes. Also. a glove
was dropped near the body.
[Glove. 1 piece]
But no DNA was found on it.
Also.
why would someone who dumped a body
throw away their glove
and leave so mindlessly?
There was only one glove.
They didn't throw it away on purpose.
They might've dropped it by accident.
It was raining heavily that day.
He must not have known
since it was chaotic.
You act as if you've made
some amazing discovery.
teaching me how to do my job.
I'm sorry.
I'm not done yet.
Huh?
What about the needle mark on his neck
and the nicotine levels?
The nicotine levels weren't lethal.
Generally. drug addicts might accidentally
get pricked by needles when unconscious.
Those addicted to drugs
usually smoke as well.
Do you think these details
are unrelated to the death.
and you can just brush them off?
Where did you learn this kind of attitude?
I'm sorry.
I'll take the liberty
of not using honorifics with you.
Please bear with me.
Just thinking of how
you are the son of a murderer
makes me lose any interest
in being polite.
Ma'am. you can't just come in here.
Prosecutor!
My child is really
not that kind of person.
Prosecutor!
What's going on?
How is this a murder?
He didn't know the person
would actually die.
This kid has always had a bad temper.
He just wanted to scare them.
Injury leading to death.
That's your stance. right?
And that the injury was accidental too.
No. my son is so kind;
he would never do that.
Do you know how obedient and kind
he was as a child?
He's a kid
who wouldn't even dare kill a little ant.
Someone must have made him do it.
My child is truly innocent. Prosecutor.
I'm innocent.
I never did that.
My child isn't that kind of person.
It was a mistake.
Don't you find it disgusting?
That they always say
they did nothing wrong.
Section Chief Song.
Yes.
What are you standing there for?
My child has been terribly wronged.
He's going to rot in prison
for the rest of his life.
Just kill him! Kill him!
Ma'am. you can't be like this.
Get up.
Prosecutor!
This is the only legal way
to kill a murderer—
by becoming a prosecutor.
What's wrong?
Do you feel sorry for her?
What?
You must have thought that. right?
"My dad isn't that kind of person."
I never thought that.
No. you did.
Do you know what's most important
when handling a case?
Isn't it to do it right?
No. you're wrong.
It's being ruthless.
Towards those murdering bastards.
we have to demand the maximum sentence
within our power.
Even if the judge
gives an absurd sentence during the trial
and my logic is completely overturned.
before the trial prosecutor
officially goes to court
with the case files.
that bastard is on my scale.
I will place the heaviest weight
I can on the other side of the scale.
Only then can this world
be a little more balanced.
Don't you agree?
Yes.
Section Chief Song.
Please make sure people like that
don't come into my office
without my permission.
Okay. understood.
Let's all get off work for today.
Um. Prosecutor Ju.
Aren't we having a dinner
to welcome Mr. Lee?
Besides. it's Friday—
the timing is perfect.
Mr. Lee.
even if it's just the two of us...
Let's go.
Awesome!
Yes!
Let's go!
Cheers!
Meat.
Why?
That was an onion.
Huh! This little onion—
how dare it cover itself in sauce.
pretending to be meat.
I'll look for the meat for you.
How is it?
Do you feel betrayed?
What?
You ate it thinking it was meat.
but it turned out to be an onion.
This onion
tried its best.
Even covered in sauce.
you can tell it's an onion
with just one bite.
No matter how much it pretends to be meat.
it will only make people feel betrayed.
We all have a side we want to hide.
don't we?
Oh. found it!
The meat!
Say "ah"!
You can have it.
Sure.
Your glasses are empty.
Senior.
Mr. Lee.
Me.
Thank you.
Come on. let's once again
toast to welcome Supervisor Lee.
Mr. Lee...
I...
am so happy to have this chance
to get to know you.
Do you not like me?
Seems like you want me to like you.
I hope you can just treat me
as Investigator Lee Chaeha.
Is this an order?
No.
It's a request.
The right to judge is mine.
To judge how different
Investigator Lee Chaeha is
from Lee Chaeha. the son of a murderer.
and how qualified he is as a human.
I will do my best.
You've got guts.
I thought you would run away.
Please excuse me for a moment.
Oh?
Why did you come out?
Where did you go?
I went to buy ice cream.
In the middle of winter?
I felt like I needed to sober up.
You go home first.
I'll join you later.
What?
I'll take Section Chief Song home first.
Then I'm going back to the office
to pick something up.
Prosecutor Ju!
Supervisor Lee!
Come on. let's go for round two.
-Song Haneul's treat.
-Let's go. Mr. Song.
Let's go for round two.
Get in the car.
We have to go for round two.
-Let's go.
-All right. step back.
Let me do it.
Hey. Mr. Lee. get in.
-Let's go together!
-Get in.
Mr. Lee. get in quickly.
You opened the door
without checking who it was.
Haven't you seen people
get killed doing things like that?
I have.
What are you waiting for? Move it.
[Neulocan Extended-Release Tablet.
Sedative-hypnotic drug]
I've compiled several types of cases
in Danhyeon over the past 10 years.
Analyze them within a week.
See you in the office
at 7:00 a.m. on Wednesday.
A week?
What?
Can't do it?
I can.
Why me?
Are you asking why
I transferred you to my office?
Do you remember what you said to me
the night I drove you home
after eating Gukbap?
Uh. I said I've always respected you.
Are you leaving now?
I feel sick.
Say that again.
Prosecutor. I respect—
How dare the son of a murderer
say he respects me.
Don't use force. or you'll die.
Why do you hate me so much?
Don't play dumb with me.
I loathe you with every fiber of my being
because you are Lee Chaeha.
Don't you hate me?
Whatever I do to you.
you just have to take it.
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
[Next Episode]
Because I don't want to run away.
I'm curious—
who will give up first?
[Lee Chaeha. Top Police Graduate:
"A World Where the Innocent Aren't Wronged"]
Does he actually think
his dad is innocent?
After pushing us seniors aside to get the investigator position
in the prosecutor's office.
you've become so arrogant.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
A whole 20 times.
Overkill.
Lee Gilyoung also killed someone
with an awl.
Maybe the murder weapon wasn't an awl.
I heard Lee Gilyoung's son even submitted
his diary from that day as evidence
and testified in court.
Who would believe
the words of a murderer's son?
Supervisor Lee. didn't we agree you would resign
and go back to the fine department?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm